# Use-of-machine-learning-in-customer-segmentation
Customer segmentation is the process of division of customers base on several groups of individuals that share a similarity in different ways that are relevant to marketing such as gender, age, interests, and miscellaneous spending habits. Companies that want to deploy customer segmentation, are under the notion that each and every customer has different requirements and they require a specific marketing effort to address them appropriately. The simple fact is that most organizations have data that can be used to target these individuals and to understand the key drivers of segmentation. Customer segmentation refers to the situation when a customer was divided between different clusters based on the business needs. Today, customers became the fuel that powers a business. Loss of customers impacts sales. Now, it’s very difficult and costly to gain new customers than it is to retain existing customers. As a result, organizations need to focus on reducing customer churn due to this they continuously provide coupons and offers to customers.  It's good to know that machine learning will help with customer segmentation. Customer Segmentation is one of the most important applications of unsupervised learning. By using clustering techniques of unsupervised learning, companies can identify several segments of customers allowing them to target the potential user base. For many businesses that offer subscription-based services, it’s become necessary to use segmented customers.
